Course Fit
Intuitively, how do I interpret the radar plot on the course fit page?
This visualization indicates which types of golfers are expected to over-perform or under-perform their baseline at each course on the PGA Tour. If a data point is further from the center of the plot than the average course, golfers who possess above-average values for that attribute should be expected to perform above their baselines at that course. It is important to take into account all 5 attributes when drawing conclusions about a golfer; for example, if both driving distance and driving accuracy have above-average predictive power at a course, then a golfer who is long but inaccurate will have adjustments to their baseline that go in opposite directions, meaning the net adjustment could be positive or negative. If you flip through the plots (in the default view), you will notice that the course-specific values for putting and around-the-green do not vary much, while the driving distance and driving accuracy values do. This indicates that PGA Tour courses differ meaningfully in the degree to which they favour golfers with length (or accuracy) off the tee, while they don't appear to differ much in how much they favour good putters or around-the-green players (at least not in a way that can be easily measured in the data). Another unusual thing you may notice is that certain courses have below (or above)-average predictive power in most attributes; Waialae CC is an example of a course where nothing seems to predict performance particularly well. This means that overall performance at Waialae is more unpredictable than the average PGA Tour course. As a result, we should downgrade our expectations for players who have above-average values in each attribute, meaning that Waialae is a course where worse players are expected to perform above their baselines and better players below them. Intuitively, randomness as a property of a course can be thought of as providing good course fit for below-average golfers (e.g. would you rather try to beat Rory McIlroy at a PGA Tour course or at the mini putt from Happy Gilmore with the laughing clown?). A final note on interpretation: if you toggle to the 'relative importance' view, the data for each attribute is scaled to take on values between 0 and 1. This makes it easier to see differences between courses in the less predictive attributes (SG:Putting and SG:Around-the-green). However, in this view it is no longer possible to make direct comparisions of predictive power across attributes.
Statistically, how do I interpret the radar plot on the course fit page?
As stated in the plot information on the page, the default view for the radar plot shows the predictive power of each golfer attribute (driving distance, driving accuracy, etc.) on total strokes-gained at each course. The value of each attribute at the time of a tournament is equal to a weighted average of historical performances. For example, the 'driving distance attribute' is a weighted average of past driving distance performances; it is the predictive power of this weighted average on performance that we are estimating. More detail on how these averages are formed can be found here. Predictive power is a function of both effect size — for a 1 unit increase in some skill, how much does performance improve on average — and variance — how large are differences in the skill under consideration across golfers? To make things more readily interpretable, we normalize each attribute to have a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1. Then, by running regressions of total strokes-gained on the set of attributes, the coefficients provide us with an estimate of each attribute's relative predictive power (because the variance has been made equal across attributes). It is these coefficient estimates that are displayed in the visualization; in practice, we estimate all of the course-specific estimates at once, using a random effects model. Note that the predictive power of each attribute is estimated while holding constant the values of the other attributes (that is what a regression does, intuitively). Often you see analyses where raw correlations are shown between, for example, a golfer's historical strokes-gained approach and their subsequent performance. This raw correlation picks up the fact that good approach players are also good drivers of the ball, on average. We do not want to pick up this spurious part of the correlation, which is why all 5 attributes are included in the same regression. Finally, the numbers that actually go on to the plot are scaled to takes values between 0 and 1 and therefore by themselves do not have any meaning; they are only meaningful in relation to values from other courses and other attributes. For more related reading on this, see the updated model methodology blog.
How do the course fit plots relate to the variance decompositions shown on the historical event data page?
The variance decompositions from the historical event data page indicate how much each strokes-gained category contributed to the total variation in scores (i.e. total strokes-gained) in a given week. It is a descriptive exercise. Conversely, as described above, the radar plots on the course fit page indicate which golfer attributes (e.g. strokes-gained approach) predict performance at each course. It is a predictive exercise. Most of the time the variance decomposition will fit intuitively with the shape of the radar plot: for example, at Colonial CC a golfer's driving distance is significantly less predictive than at the average course. As intuition would suggest, we also see on the historical event data page for Colonial that strokes-gained off the tee accounts for less variation in scores than at the average course. Generally, when a given strokes-gained category accounts for a smaller (larger) share of the variation in scores at some course than it does at the average course, we should expect this strokes-gained category to be less (more) predictive of performance at that course relative to its predictive power at the average course. But this does not always have to be the case. For example, driving distance is more predictive of performance at the South Course at Torrey Pines than the average course; typically we would expect this to result in SG:OTT accounting for a larger share of the variance in scores at Torrey Pines. In fact, we see the opposite. Several stories could explain this: perhaps longer players have more of an advantage on approach shots at Torrey Pines, or perhaps there is just a tighter relationship between distance and SG:OTT at Torrey Pines than at other courses. Ultimately, if the goal is to predict performance, the precise explanation does not really matter (..an economist rolls over in their grave..). As said above, the variance decompositions are mostly just an interesting descriptive exercise; on the other hand, the information from the course fit plots is entering directly into our predictive model. If you find an especially puzzling pair of variance decomposition-radar plots, let us know!

Course Table
What is the interpretation of the "SG Difficulty" statistics? How are they calculated?
The SG Difficulty statistics should be interpreted as the number of strokes easier (positive values) or harder (negative values) a specific shot type plays at each course relative to that shot type on the average PGA Tour course. For example, at the 2021 Masters, putts over 15 feet played on average 0.06 strokes harder than putts over 15 feet at a typical PGA Tour course.

Now, some details. First, recall that to calculate strokes-gained a baseline function that provides the expected strokes to hole out from every distance and lie (fairway, rough, etc.) is required. By using the expected strokes to hole out for the starting and ending point of each golf shot, strokes-gained is easily defined and calculated. (See here for some examples.) We'll call this baseline strokes-gained because it is an unadjusted number calculated directly from the baseline function. The SG Difficulty statistics are equal to the average baseline strokes-gained for the relevant shot type. (We do make strength-of-field adjustments as well so that these values can be interpreted as the expected baseline strokes-gained for an average PGA Tour field.)

The baseline function is estimated using data from all PGA Tour courses. Therefore, using data from all PGA Tour courses, the average baseline strokes-gained value will be zero for off-the-tee shots, for approach shots, and for any group of shots with a large enough sample size. However, specific courses may play easier or harder than what is predicted by this baseline function. For example, the average baseline strokes-gained value for off-the-tee shots at the Plantation Course at Kapalua was +0.1 at the 2021 Sentry Tournament of Champions. This is because Kapalua has easy-to-hit fairways and several holes where 400-plus yard drives are not uncommon. The fact that the average strokes-gained value for tee shots is positive means that players hit their tee shots to "better" (i.e. closer to the pin, and in easier, e.g. fairway vs. rough, lies) locations at Kapalua than at the typical PGA Tour course. Harbour Town is an example of a course that has a negative average baseline strokes-gained off-the-tee value, as it has one of the lower driving distance averages of PGA Tour courses. (As an aside, note that the official strokes-gained numbers by category on the PGA Tour website subtract off the mean baseline strokes-gained in each category by round, meaning they will have always have a mean of zero.)

There is some nuance to interpreting these numbers, however. For example, Augusta National had the 6th lowest baseline strokes-gained on approach shots in 2021; as described above, this means that approach shots at Augusta were hit to worse locations (again, "location" as defined only by distance and lie) than approach shots at the typical PGA Tour course. However, Augusta National was also rated as the hardest around-the-green course on the PGA Tour in 2021. It is thus tempting to think that Augusta's approach shots are actually much "harder" than we've given them credit for: not only are players at Augusta hitting their approach shots to worse lies and longer distances from the pin than the average course, these around-the-green shots also play much harder than their distance / lie predicts! However, I think the most informative way to display this data is as we've done it; average baseline strokes-gained by category tells us exactly why it's so difficult to hole out from 150 yards at Augusta National: the approach shots end up slightly further from the pin than the average PGA Tour course, and the shots that miss the green result in the hardest around-the-green shots on tour.

Approach Skill Page
What data is included?
For the fairway bins, all shots between 50 and 250 yards are included. For non-fairway bins (which we just label as "rough"), all shots between 50 and 225 yards are included. The purpose of the upper bounds here is to focus on shots that are actually approach shots, and not layups or shots that players are just hitting as far as possible. Any shot labelled as a recovery shot is also excluded.

Data from any PGA Tour event or Major that has strokes-gained category data shown on the player profile pages is included.
How do I interpret the 5 stats?
Strokes-gained per shot has the usual interpretation of number of strokes better than what we would expect from an average PGA Tour player. As with our round-level true strokes-gained, these numbers are adjusted to account for field strength. Adjusted proximity (which we just list as 'proximity' on the page) takes raw proximity and adjusts it for the difficulty of each shot. This yields values like -3 feet, which indicates that the shot was hit 3 feet closer to the pin than what we would expect from an average PGA Tour player hitting from the same location. On the page, we list the adjusted proximity numbers relative to the average proximity in that bin. For example, in the 100-150 (Fairway) bin, the base proximity we use is 22.3 feet—meaning an adjusted proximity of -3 would be displayed as 19.3 feet. (This is for purely aesthetic reasons, and obviously doesn't change the meaning of the statistic in any way.) There are more details on the proximity adjustment in this footnote. Adjusted GIR (listed as "GIR" on the page) works in much the same way as adjusted proximity. If we estimate that an average player would hit the green from some location 85% of the time, then a hit green gets a value of +15% while a missed green gets a value of -85%. As with proximity, we display the adjusted GIR values relative to the average GIR % in each bin. More details here. Finally, good shot % is the fraction of shots a player hits that gain at least 0.5 strokes, and poor shot avoidance is 1 minus the fraction of shots a player hits that lose at least 0.5 strokes.
How is a player's percentile rank in each statistic calculated?
If a player is ranked in the 95th percentile in a stat, this means they are better than 95% of PGA Tour golfers in that stat. To calculate percentiles, we only include players who have hit a certain number of shots in the distance bin under consideration. For example, for the 100-150 (Fairway) bin over the last 12 months, the shot cutoff is 103 shots. We choose cutoffs such that there are roughly the same number of players in included in each bin, which means the cutoffs will be lower in bins where fewer shots are hit, such as 50-100 (Fairway). Once we have the group of players to be included in each bin, we calculate a player's percentile as 
1
−
r
a
n
k
N
, where rank is the player's rank and N is the total number of players. This results in percentiles that range from 0th to 99th (a 100th percentile is not possible in this formulation). For the low-data players that are included on the page, their value does not contribute to the percentile calculation, but they are given a percentile position by calculating the fraction of high-data players at or below their value in the statistic.
Why is the 50th percentile not equal to zero for strokes-gained per shot in each approach bin?
As described in the Q&A above this, only players with sufficient data are included in the percentile calculation. If these higher-data players on average gain strokes over the excluded lower-data players (which is typically the case), then the average SG of included players will be positive.